These are my good parents
Destroy your own son for your daughter
To tell you the truth
I have been fired from the company.
Make trouble if you want
And
You and my sister have to move out of my house
From today onwards
I cut ties with you
Did you see that?
This rebellious dog actually cut off parental relations with us?
If you hadn't driven Lin Feng into a desperate situation
How could he be so heartless?
Loach, what do you mean?
When did we get caught in the wind?
I know exactly what you look like
I'm going to rest.
Please leave my house
Go away
Don't make me do it
Humph
Who is this family?
Yiqiang, your divorce from Lin Feng is the most correct choice
That's right.
Are you going on a blind date later?
I've arranged it for you.
Mom
I always feel
What is Lin Feng hiding?
The unspeakable shit
From now on
Lin Feng has nothing to do with you
You have to pursue new happiness
What are you doing, Mr. Lin?
doing nothing
I happen to be like that too
Why don't I treat you to dinner?
i
Don't refuse
I'll see you at Tea Tree Restaurant in an hour
This woman is really domineering